Updates Npgsql Dependency Injection readme.md to include a lambda config example (#5244)
npgsql/npgsql: src/Npgsql.DependencyInjection/README.md

});
```

Finally, the `AddNpgsqlDataSource` method also accepts a lambda parameter allowing you to configure aspects of Npgsql beyond the connection string, e.g. to configure `UseLoggerFactory` and `UseNetTopologySuite`:

```csharp
var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

> builder.Services.AddNpgsqlDataSource("Host=pg_server;Username=test;Password=test;Database=test",
>     builder => builder
>         .UseLoggerFactory(loggerFactory)
>         .UseNetTopologySuite());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
builder.Services.AddNpgsqlDataSource(
    "Host=pg_server;Username=test;Password=test;Database=test",
    builder => builder
        .UseLoggerFactory(loggerFactory)
        .UseNetTopologySuite());
```

});
```

> Finally, the `AddNpgsqlDataSource` method also accepts a lambda parameter allowing you to configure aspects of Npgsql beyond the connection string, for example to configure `UseLoggerFactory` and `UseNetTopologySuite`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, the `AddNpgsqlDataSource` method also accepts a lambda parameter allowing you to configure aspects of Npgsql beyond the connection string, e.g. to configure `UseLoggerFactory` and `UseNetTopologySuite`:
```
